product 1 - An Outdoorsy Hat
    Featured: KAVU Strapcap - $30

    KAVU's revolutionary Stracap is engineered to stay on your head while sailing, kayaking, or doing nearly any other outdoor activity. It's also KAVU's original product and a straight-up classic! Made of cotton, the Strapcap features a low profile 4-panel design, black underbill to reduce glare, and patterned nylon tubular webbing with KAVU adjustment.
    Fabric: 100% cotton canvas.
    

product 2 - A Beanie
    Featured: Carhartt Stratus Hat - $28

    The Stratus Hat Low is a shorter version of our iconic Watch Hat. Created in a warm Acrylic fabric with a stretchy rib knit that ensures comfort and a fit suitable for everyone. Features a woven Carhartt WIP label on the front.
    

product 3 - A Simple Tee Shirt
    Featured: Everlane Premium-Weight Pocket Tee - $28

    Designed for serious wear. A pocket tee made to last, constructed in a 6.2 oz cotton in a dense, durable knit with a dry feel that will get softer over the years to come.
    

product 4 - A Second Hand Flannel Shirt
    Featured: Good Will Special - $5

    The best flannels are borrowed, inherited, or otherwise obtained. Do your part and consider this a hand-me-down that was destined to be yours all along.

product 5 - A Good Fleece Pullover
    Featured: Patagonia Synchilla® Snap-T® Fleece Pullover - $139

    Warm and durable, the Synchilla® polyester fleece pullover that made fleece famous, with a classic Snap-T® pocket and placket; Fair Trade Certified™ sewn.
    

product 6 - A Pair of Real Short Khaki Shorts
    Featured: Patagonia Stand Up Shorts - $69

    Durable, dirtbag-standard shorts built of rugged organic cotton canvas.
    
product 7 - An Overly Expensive Pair of Raw Denim Jeans
    Featured: Railcar Fine Goods Spikes X052 - $220

    The jeans you’re probably wearing right now are a lot different from the ones your grandpa wore.

product 8 - Some Dirty Adventure Sandals
    Featured: Chaco Z/2 Classic - $130

    Streamlined and dependable since 1989, our Classic series is comprised of only 8 component parts, making for the simple, timeless sandal design that made our name. Every pair comes standard with adjustable straps that custom-fits to your foot, plus our podiatrist-certified LUVSEAT™ PU footbed for all-day comfort and support. Now featuring ChacoGrip™ rubber for our best performing Classic outsole to date. Experience our Classic Sandal like never before.

product 9 - Some Trendy Leather Boots
    Featured: Blundstone 550 Chelsea Boots - $185

    Icons are always in season. The Original 500s combine legendary comfort with modern versatility. Built to go wherever life takes you.

product 10 - A Backpack For EDC and Hiking The AT
    Featured: Patagonia Black Hole - $149

    Our midsize workhorse in the Black Hole® collection. Perfect for organizing your daily commute and rugged enough to haul around the globe. Made with 100% recycled body fabric, lining and webbing.

product 11 - 
    Featured: Hydroflask 32oz Wide Mouth - $45

    Big enough for a whole day on the river or trails, our 32 oz Wide Mouth Bottle is made with professional-grade stainless steel and a wider opening for faster fill. We couldn’t think of a bottle more deserving of a refresh, so we’ve elevated the silhouette and simplified design without compromising one degree of performance. And our Color Last™ powder coat is dishwasher safe for even more convenience. Cold stays ice cold for 24 hours, and hot stays wickedly hot for 12 — just like always.